Readme for MCUSim
-----------------

 MCUSim is a digital simulator of the 8-bit microcontrollers. It is written
 from scratch to assist in circuit simulation, firmware debugging, testing
 and signal tracing.

 Please note that the AVR chips are aimed at the moment. Feel free to start
 a discussion about a support of any other family or architecture of the
 microcontrollers.

 There is an mcusim.conf configuration file installed together with the binary
 and libmsim which can be used to tweak the program. The best way to prepare
 your own simulation is to copy it to a new directory, adjust the options and
 run mcusim. Firmware and Lua files can be placed there also.

 Scripts written in Lua can be used to represent models of the real devices
 during a simulation process. They may affect state of the chip in several
 ways, e.g. access internal registers, generate signals on its pins or
 terminate the whole simulation, and play roles of the significant parts of a
 circuit (external EEPROM, humidity sensor, MOSFET switch, etc).

 Registers of the simulated MCU can be saved into a VCD (value change dump)
 file and read using GTKWave viewer.

How can I start a discussion?
-----------------------------

 Feel free to ask questions and start a discussion in a mailing list for
 developers. Just subscribe and send a letter.

How can I join the development?
-------------------------------

 You may drop a note in the mailing list first or just code the feature you
 want to add and share your patch there. Before you start coding check the
 latest development release of MCUSim from our git repository or try to find
 a ticket at https://trac.mcusim.org/report. It might be that your feature has
 already been implemented.

 There is no bureaucracy here.

Mailing list
------------

 * mcusim-dev@freelists.org:

   This is a list for developers and anyone who is interested in MCUSim.
   Subscribe by sending 'subscribe' to mcusim-dev-request@freelists.org or
   visiting http://www.freelists.org/list/mcusim-dev.

Web sites
---------

 Source code is hosted at https://github.com/mcusim/MCUSim.
 Wiki and issue tracker are at https://trac.mcusim.org.
 Mailing list is at https://www.freelists.org/list/mcusim-dev.
